so guess what everyone I'm finally off
my crutches music you don't know the
rocky music hey wait I can get it
think about it don't tell me okay okay
ready okay go I've never seen Rocky I
don't think I've seen it either
show us how cool we are I think we're
being waved at that is my home somebody
just dropped this pans and what does
that tattoo of is that my face on this
butt cheek that is so disturbing okay
and I bid you know Brandi votes a good
damn it Simon one of the things I love
about cream I use is that if you don't
give me any frilly language learn
dislike LeWitt's delicately poached egg
on a bed of microgreens from Arabia or
whatnot it's all minimalistic and men
I like Korean menus I would also like
you to notice how awkwardly I'm sitting
here like a mermaid Merman
okay sorry my man I actually don't like
sitting on the ground in Korea and I
have no choice but it's like like if I
cross my legs I can't really fit
underneath the table I'm in a too big so
I have to always sit awkwardly like a
model like Giorgio Armani model or
sometimes he puts his legs under the
table but then you're like playing foots
do the other people on the other side if
I stick my skin under the table they
reach the other side of the table
clearly and it pushed away the people
like four rows down I'm too big for this
country anyway so he discouraged by for
sitting just suck the cushions
underneath your ankle to keep you safe
and lounge like a merman
[Music]